This project was pretty easy to run through, after some initial dusting off of old skills that I haven't used in a while like css styling and making html files. My development process was mostly working on one file at a time starting with the html then moving onto the javascript logic and finally styling everything with CSS. I know we are not supposed to use AI but the google AI that pops up when looking things up automatically did help a little with helping me remember how to make divs inside of divs correctly which I didn't even end up needing. My 3 biggest challenges were the css styling without figma which I ended up screenshotting the picture from the website and using paint to measure pixels to get close enough to the actual design. I also looked it up to see if anyone published it anywhere else for free and was able to find some sources but ultimately making the site look perfect wasnt at the forefront of my mind. My other biggest challenge was using the API as it is still very new to me so I basically had 4 articles constantly open for me to reference back to as well as a very unhealthy amount of googling. Also deploying was a little confusing through github pages but I was able to figure it out (apparently keeping all your files in a src folder confuses github). Luckily the leaflet js was very straightforward as they had articles on the site on how to use it or else that wouldve been my 4th challenge faced. For improvements I want to be able to copy/paste any link into the site and have it spit out the information about it as currently saying something like google.com works but using something like https://www.google.com/?zx=1764177857460&no_sw_cr=1 does not work. I also would like to add a "popular searches" area that shows some popular domains to look through like google, facebook or github and maybe have those spots already populated on the map. Clicking on that spot can show you that information about that location and who/what is hosted there. Overall this project was very fun and interesting to work through and I hope to be able to work on it more in the future. Ps: Just for noting, the GitHub Page I made is linked in my README.md, if this is read first before the readme, if you have already seen the website disregard this PS.
